At Barclays, we understand that when it comes
to investing, often the hardest part is knowing
where to start. That’s why we offer five
Ready-made Investment funds to help you take
that first step. They offer a convenient one-stop
solution which can be ideal if you’re not
sure about making your own investment decisions,
or are short on time.
These funds take the work out of investing
because they’re looked after by Barclays’
investment experts who do all of the
hard stuff so you don't have to. They’ll
make changes to where your money’s invested
depending on what’s going on in the stock
markets, and keep you regularly updated with how
your investment's performing. It’s worth
mentioning though, that you can check how your
investment's doing at any time either online or via
the Barclays app.
There’s always risk involved
with investing because obviously stock markets can fall
as well as rise, so there’s a chance you
could lose money. However, there are ways to reduce
that risk and this is how the funds
differ. They all invest in a mixture of shares,
bonds and cash, which gives you instant diversification
which is really important when it comes to investing
because it can help protect against stock market
falls, but the proportion they hold in each differs.
So to get started all you need to do is choose
which fund to go for. Whether you’re more
comfortable taking a lower risk approach or are
happy to take a bit more risk in the hope of potentially
higher returns, hopefully there'll be a fund
to match your needs.
I hope you found that helpful – but there is a lot more
information about Ready-made Investments on our website.